README.md, before:


# walmarteam-test
E-commerce application responsive, cross browser and cross plataform prototype:  profile & shipping address; products list; products 360 viewer effects

all Project code by hand on this test case.
online prototype: http://www.demeloweb.orgfree.com/walmartest

HTML Structure:

The main structure app you may find on index.html. If You get in trouble testing it in your desktop offline, e.g. to go back from 360 product viewer page to main app page, make sure to change to the right file directory name at walmarteam-test/360efx/index.html anchor to walmarteam-test/index.html main page.


CSS Reset:

In the beginning of the CSS-file there's a few lines of code for resetting the standard CSS. This is added to reduce browser inconsistencies in different stylings such as margins and paddings.

CSS Style:

all the main style proposed might be found on style.css file. The code linew has been written with self explanaition comments. If you find trouble visualizing the background logo at intro page section, just chance the directory name url on this file. Check the properties of the logo.jpg, inside of the "img" directory, dowloaded offline in your desktop archive roots directory, walmarteam-test/img/logo.jpg 

You may find how The application works in this link hosted for free test http://www.demeloweb.orgfree.com/walmartest

The projects slider was developed using jquery libraries for Mobile friendly features, touch events, responsive and cross plataform capabilities, IOS scrolling touch, adapting to different screen and OS.

all The features was done with code lines for cross browser and cross plataform capabilities, aiming to accelerate the performance user experience. Almost The tests done, but best performance checked in CHROME BROWSER on any screen size and OS. 

Line codes for slider entrency animation checked as well. The product content panel was developed always thinking on best performance cross browser and plataform as well. Smooth scrolling IOS coded on.


Modernizr.js:

the modernizr library help to detect The availabilities of next-generation modern users browsers. Using a little piece of .js code, we can improve the industrial code real development, with node.js and grunt task automation. In this test case, all coded by hand.

jquery 360 product viewer:

plugin that allows to drag/ swipe/ rotate a 3D product image to display 360 view of your product, using a ser of images. Good for e-commerce website for showing the details of the product. Simple and lightweight code to be used just including j360.js and jquery/1.9.1/jquery.min.js. The amount of products pictures, depends of the product details to be shown. In this case test prototype, I used 35 different position images to this rotation test.

Commit message:

Toolbox for next-step development proposals
Toolbox for next-step development proposals and industrial implementations for large projects at this prototype. With more time to developing the project, it will be the next implementation prospections.

README.md, after:


# walmarteam-test
E-commerce application responsive, cross browser and cross plataform prototype:  profile & shipping address; products list; products 360 viewer effects proposition.

All Project code by hand on this test case.
online prototype: http://www.demeloweb.orgfree.com/walmartest

Toolbox for next-step development proposals and industrial implementations for large projects at this prototype:

(1) We can use GRUNT.JS that is a task runner operator via terminal through NODE.JS interpreter, that on together realize an automation of tasks to developing web applications. Different plugins may be used for minifing .js libraries aiming best performance cross browser e.g. UGLYFING.JS; Archives concatenation i.e. realize changes simutaneously on different directories with less probabilities to mistake; compiling with pre processors CSS to SASS on respective directorys e.g. for best performance cross plataform and so on.

(2) Probably the best .js framework is ANGULAR.JS to be used for dynamic data attributes, declaring dynamic views in web-applications and Greatful to manipulatins DOM provided e.g.. The PERFIL & Shipping Address inputing and printing variable informations about each user e.g. may be coded using ANGULAR.JS. Or the update of products information that came from e-commerce chart page, for best visualizing all individual informations rules e.g. and the 360 product viewer detais via JQUERY.JS

Actuall project

HTML Structure:

The main structure app you may find on index.html. If You get in trouble testing it in your desktop offline, e.g. to go back from 360 product viewer page to main app page, make sure to change to the right file directory name at walmarteam-test/360efx/index.html anchor to walmarteam-test/index.html main page.


CSS Reset:

In the beginning of the CSS-file there's a few lines of code for resetting the standard CSS. This is added to reduce browser inconsistencies in different stylings such as margins and paddings.

CSS Style:

all the main style proposed might be found on style.css file. The code linew has been written with self explanaition comments. If you find trouble visualizing the background logo at intro page section, just chance the directory name url on this file. Check the properties of the logo.jpg, inside of the "img" directory, dowloaded offline in your desktop archive roots directory, walmarteam-test/img/logo.jpg 

You may find how The application works in this link hosted for free test http://www.demeloweb.orgfree.com/walmartest

The projects slider was developed using jquery libraries for Mobile friendly features, touch events, responsive and cross plataform capabilities, IOS scrolling touch, adapting to different screen and OS.

all The features was done with code lines for cross browser and cross plataform capabilities, aiming to accelerate the performance user experience. Almost The tests done, but best performance checked in CHROME BROWSER on any screen size and OS. 

Line codes for slider entrency animation checked as well. The product content panel was developed always thinking on best performance cross browser and plataform as well. Smooth scrolling IOS coded on.


Modernizr.js:

the modernizr library help to detect The availabilities of next-generation modern users browsers. Using a little piece of .js code, we can improve the industrial code real development, with node.js and grunt task automation. In this test case, all coded by hand.

jquery 360 product viewer:

plugin that allows to drag/ swipe/ rotate a 3D product image to display 360 view of your product, using a ser of images. Good for e-commerce website for showing the details of the product. Simple and lightweight code to be used just including j360.js and jquery/1.9.1/jquery.min.js. The amount of products pictures, depends of the product details to be shown. In this case test prototype, I used 35 different position images to this rotation test.
